Hi everyone and welcome to the program.
So to start off, I'm sitting here with Brandy,
our curriculum lead for our blockchain nanodegree program.
We have some questions for her before we kick off into the program.
So to start, the question on all our minds is what excites you about the blockchain?
I love the disruptive nature of blockchain.
I'm really looking forward to blockchain
infecting all verticals of information technology.
Excited about the way that we can tear down borders and transact with one another.
That's really nice to have that freedom.
Next is the ability to interact with
IoT like when you think about machines to machines transacting,
blockchain is like the perfect marriage for being able
to transact at that level without needing an intermediary.
So it's really nice that we have the ability
to be versatile with the technology at a global scale.
So I'm looking forward to increase transparency with governments,
I'm looking forward to improve electronic medical records or patient data.
I think blockchain could literally infect everything that we do today with technology.
I like how you covered, how blockchain can cover so many industries.
Is there any one particular application that you're particular excited about?
The application I love most is just breaking down the walls without having to
worry about borders when it comes down to transacting with various communities.
I know I mentioned to you before about being able to
transact with folks in Africa or in Canada,
there's no different when it comes down
to the way that we're going to transact with one another.
It's not so much just the transactions,
really the technology that's making the transaction work and
the type of data that we can embed with those transactions it's
quite wonderful because it allows a lot of flexibility to just take
advantage of the technology and allow it to affect us.
I think that's where we're at right now.
We're at this point where we're going to see more maturity in the blockchain space.
Nice. I feel like the more I listen to you talk about the,
even more excited I get.
I know there's a lot more we can continue to do
with the technology and we're just at the beginning of there right now.
So with that, let's get started with the program.